Helping each other
The first two questions ask you to note who you helped this week, and who helped you.

The people you name can be anyone, including Kirstie, and the action doesn't have to be work related.

The goal in asking these two question every week is to reinforce the point that science is a collaborative activity done by real humans.

We all appreciate help along the way, and if we work together we will all be happier, healthier and more successful people 🙌.

Achievements
The third question, What did you achieve? is the celebration question for the week! It will often feel like you haven't achieved everything that you wanted to...but that doesn't mean you didn't achieve anything. There's something you managed to do, even if it's some deep googling to figure out a mysterious acronym, and I want to be able to say well done 🎉.

Please note that your achievements don't have to be related to work in the Whitaker lab. I'm hopign to support and mentor indepenent thinkers and doers: if you have projects that I'm not involved in but that you've had successes with, please do let me know. Partly so I can cheer you along, and partly so I have a better sense of how long work is taking you to complete. (You can imagine that if you don't tell me about work that's taking up 50% of your time, I could end up worried that you're working half as quickly as I'd imagined!)

Challenges
The question What did you struggle with? is where I can hopefully help out, or at least reassure you that your struggle is just a standard process of making your way in science (remember your mandatory reading of the Illustrated Guide to a PhD!) 😕.

Future plans
One of the reasons for keeping all the weekly meeting records in one file is to be able to look over the goals from the previous week and assess how far along you are. When you answer What would you like to work on next week? try to be aware of how long the work is likely to take and set yourself manageable tasks.

Please also use this question to make sure you're thinking about what you are interested in, rather than sticking with something you don't want to do! If you've pledged to finish some work then it would be great for you to finish it up, but if there are ways to pivot the focus to become more useful for us both that I'd be delighted to hear them.

Input from Kirstie
When answering Where do you need help from Kirstie? please try to be as specific as possible. The input might be feedback on a piece of writing, help interpreting a result, seeking out a bug, reviewing code, explaining a section in a paper that you read, and so much more!

I hope you'll find that clear actions you need me to complete are responded to most efficiently 😁.

Any other topics
Please add in anything else you'd like to cover that doesn't fit in one of the previous sections here.
